Bank back to life (#160)
dbos-inc/dbos-demo-apps: bank/README.md

## Run the Demo Locally

### Start PostgreSQL

First, let's set up a database for each bank.  Each bank app can have its own database server, but, to simplify deployment, we will put both bank databases under the same Postgres server process.

The demo provides two ways to set up Postgres:
* A script set up a Docker container with Postgres configured
* Use of a preexisting Postgres server

#### Using Docker for Postgres

Set the `PGPASSWORD` environment variable to whatever you'd like, then start Postgres in a Docker container using the `start_postgres_docker` script:
```shell
export PGPORT=5432 # Optional; can be set to a non-default value, but make adjustments below
export PGPASSWORD=<database password>

> ./scripts/start_postgres_docker.sh

Reviewer: I think it's better to switch to use our [`start_postgres_docker.js`](https://github.com/dbos-inc/dbos-transact/blob/main/packages/create/templates/hello/start_postgres_docker.js) file. It works well for non-Linux users.

Author: You are right.  Are you able to edit the list in the top comment, or is that only allowed by the person that opened the PR?  I will add this, and also `nodemon`.

Author: So take a note to go back and improve `start_postgres_docker.js` to make it more like the one I used here.

```

> This script sets up two new Postgres users: `bank_a` that owns the database `bank_a`, and `bank_b` that owns database `bank_b`.

Reviewer: Mention that our script uses the same `$PGPASSWORD` for both banks. But the passwords can be changed in the script.

#### Use an Existing Postgres

If you have an existing Postgres, the following commands can be issued to set up the two bank databases:
```sql
CREATE USER bank_a PASSWORD 'postgres'; -- Feel free to change the passwords
ALTER USER bank_a CREATEDB;
CREATE DATABASE bank_a OWNER bank_a;
CREATE USER bank_b PASSWORD 'postgres';
ALTER USER bank_b CREATEDB;
CREATE DATABASE bank_b OWNER bank_b;
```

### Start Two DBOS Bank Servers
In this tutorial, we'll start two bank servers, respresenting two different banks, and do transactions across them.
First, build the bank application.  In the `bank-backend/` directory, run:

```shell
npm install
npm run build
```

Do a quick review of `dbos-config.yaml`, to make sure the information is correct, especially if you are not using the default database port.  Note that this setup uses the same Postgres server process for both databases for simplicity, but they can easily be separated by making additional changes here.

> Next, execute database migrations and launch the first bank.  The first command below uses [Prisma](https://www.prisma.io/) to create a schema for the first bank; the second command launches the bank.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, execute database migrations and launch the first bank.  The first command below uses [Prisma](https://www.prisma.io/) to create tables for the first bank; the second command launches the bank.
```

Deploying the first bank is straightforward:
- Register the bank app with `npx dbos-cloud app register -d dbosbankdb bank_a`.
- Deploy the app with `CURRENT_BANK=bank_a npx dbos-cloud app deploy bank_a`.
- Make a note of the `Access your application at` URL displayed, as this will be necessary for configuring the frontend.

Deploying the second bank similarly:
- Register the bank app with `npx dbos-cloud app register -d dbosbankdb bank_b`.
- Deploy the app with `CURRENT_BANK=bank_b npx dbos-cloud app deploy bank_b`.
- Make a note of the `Access your application at` URL displayed, as this will be necessary for configuring the frontend.

### Configuring and Launching Frontend

The frontend AngularJS is not hosted in DBOS Cloud; we will just continue to use the local server for the demo.

Edit the settings in `bank-frontend/src/environments/environment.ts` so that the frontend can find the bank servers.  Be sure to change both `bankHosts` and the `authUrl`, using the URLs provided from the deployment above.

After configuration, you should be able to start the frontend from the `bank-frontend` directory as before:
```bash
npm install
npm start
```

### Monitoring and Debugging

> DBOS Cloud comes with a [monitoring dashboard](https://docs.dbos.dev/cloud-tutorials/monitoring-dashboard) automatically.  To find the URL for your dashboard, execute `npx dbos-cloud dashboard url`.  The dashboard includes execution traces and the ability to run workflows under the [Time Travel Debugger](https://docs.dbos.dev/cloud-tutorials/timetravel-debugging).

Reviewer: Unfortunately we don't support time travel debugging for Prisma apps. We do support interactive time travel for it. https://docs.dbos.dev/cloud-tutorials/interactive-timetravel

Author: That'd be what I get for not actually trying it.

Author: I just left debugger out for now.  We can go back.
